<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [validMnemonic][1]
    -   [Parameters][2]
-   [FactomBIP44][3]
    -   [Parameters][4]
    -   [generateEntryCreditPrivateKey][5]
        -   [Parameters][6]
    -   [generateIdentityPrivateKey][7]
        -   [Parameters][8]
    -   [getFactoidChain][9]
        -   [Parameters][10]
    -   [generateFactoidPrivateKey][11]
        -   [Parameters][12]
-   [next][13]

## 

[index.js:17-23][14]

Generates a random 12 word mnemonic seed

Returns **[String][15]** 12 word mnemonic

## validMnemonic

[index.js:38-40][16]

Returns if the mnemoic is valid

### Parameters

-   `mnemonic` **[String][15]** 12 words

Returns **[boolean][17]** true if valid

## FactomBIP44

[index.js:47-51][18]

Creates a new HD wallet for factom from mnemonic

### Parameters

-   `mnemonic` **[String][15]** 12 words
-   `passphrase`  
-   `null` **[String][15]** (optional) passprase

### generateEntryCreditPrivateKey

[index.js:60-66][19]

Generate the 32byte Entry Credit private key for the pattern account/chain/address.

#### Parameters

-   `account` **int** Which account branch to take. Put 0 for defaulting
-   `chain` **int** Which chain branch to take. Put 0 for defaulting
-   `address` **int** Which address index in the chain to generate. Start at 0 and increment

Returns **[Buffer][20]** 32 byte Private key

### generateIdentityPrivateKey

[index.js:76-82][21]

Generate the 32byte Identity private key for the pattern account/chain/address.

#### Parameters

-   `account` **int** Which account branch to take. Put 0 for defaulting
-   `chain` **int** Which chain branch to take. Put 0 for defaulting
-   `address` **int** Which address index in the chain to generate. Start at 0 and increment

Returns **[Buffer][20]** 32 byte Private key

### getFactoidChain

[index.js:90-93][22]

Get an address chain to not have to recompute the first 3 parts of the bip44 path

#### Parameters

-   `account` **int** Which account branch to take. Put 0 for defaulting
-   `chain` **int** Which chain branch to take. Put 0 for defaulting

Returns **Chain** A chain object, which you can call next() on.

### generateFactoidPrivateKey

[index.js:123-129][23]

Generate the 32byte Factoid private key for the pattern account/chain/address.

#### Parameters

-   `account` **int** Which account branch to take. Put 0 for defaulting
-   `chain` **int** Which chain branch to take. Put 0 for defaulting
-   `address` **int** Which address index in the chain to generate. Start at 0 and increment

Returns **[Buffer][20]** 32 byte Private key

## next

[index.js:110-114][24]

Computes and returns the next private key in the chain

Returns **[Buffer][20]** Private key

[1]: #validmnemonic

[2]: #parameters

[3]: #factombip44

[4]: #parameters-1

[5]: #generateentrycreditprivatekey

[6]: #parameters-2

[7]: #generateidentityprivatekey

[8]: #parameters-3

[9]: #getfactoidchain

[10]: #parameters-4

[11]: #generatefactoidprivatekey

[12]: #parameters-5

[13]: #next

[14]: https://git@github.com/:PaulBernier/factombip44/blob/2279f0dca268f4385511c9a2304215e9aed0c910/index.js#L17-L23 "Source code on GitHub"

[15]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[16]: https://git@github.com/:PaulBernier/factombip44/blob/2279f0dca268f4385511c9a2304215e9aed0c910/index.js#L38-L40 "Source code on GitHub"

[17]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[18]: https://git@github.com/:PaulBernier/factombip44/blob/2279f0dca268f4385511c9a2304215e9aed0c910/index.js#L47-L51 "Source code on GitHub"

[19]: https://git@github.com/:PaulBernier/factombip44/blob/2279f0dca268f4385511c9a2304215e9aed0c910/index.js#L60-L66 "Source code on GitHub"

[20]: https://nodejs.org/api/buffer.html

[21]: https://git@github.com/:PaulBernier/factombip44/blob/2279f0dca268f4385511c9a2304215e9aed0c910/index.js#L76-L82 "Source code on GitHub"

[22]: https://git@github.com/:PaulBernier/factombip44/blob/2279f0dca268f4385511c9a2304215e9aed0c910/index.js#L90-L93 "Source code on GitHub"

[23]: https://git@github.com/:PaulBernier/factombip44/blob/2279f0dca268f4385511c9a2304215e9aed0c910/index.js#L123-L129 "Source code on GitHub"

[24]: https://git@github.com/:PaulBernier/factombip44/blob/2279f0dca268f4385511c9a2304215e9aed0c910/index.js#L110-L114 "Source code on GitHub"
